Proposal for reducing number of ciphers (#48)
cose-wg/HPKE: draft-ietf-cose-hpke.md

| HPKE-Base-P521-SHA512-AES256GCM                  |0x12 | 0x3 | 0x2  |
| HPKE-Base-X25519-SHA256-AES128GCM                |0x20 | 0x1 | 0x1  |
| HPKE-Base-X25519-SHA256-ChaCha20Poly1305         |0x20 | 0x1 | 0x3  |
| HPKE-Base-X448-SHA512-AES256GCM                  |0x21 | 0x3 | 0x2  |
| HPKE-Base-X448-SHA512-ChaCha20Poly1305           |0x21 | 0x3 | 0x3  |
+--------------------------------------------------+-----+-----+------+
~~~

As the list indicates, the ciphersuite labels have been abbreviated at least
to some extend to maintain the tradeoff between readability and length.

The ciphersuite list above is a minimal starting point. Additional
ciphersuites can be registered into the already existing registry.
For example, once post-quantum cryptographic algorithms have been standardized
it might be beneficial to register ciphersuites for use with COSE-HPKE.
Additionally, ciphersuites utilizing the compact encoding of the public keys,
as defined in {{I-D.irtf-cfrg-dnhpke}}, may be standardized for use in
constrained environments.

As a guideline for ciphersuite submissions to the IANA CoSE algorithm
registry, the designated experts must only register combinations of 

> (KEM, KDF, AEAD) triple that consitute validate combinations for use with HPKE.

Reviewer: "validate"?  Should this be "valid" or something else?

And that "must" might be better uppercased.

And other guidelines that might be considered:

- KDF used SHOULD (if possible) match one internally used by the KEM.
- Components SHOULD NOT be mixed between global and different national standards.

Author: Thanks for the comments, Ilari. These additional guidelines are good.

Regarding the use of RFC 2119 language: I prefer to use the MAY, SHOULD, MUST terms when it concerns interoperability. Here we are just giving guidance to the experts and therefore I believe it is fine to use lower-case terms.

> (KEM, KDF, AEAD) triple that consitute validate combinations for use with HPKE.

Author: ```suggestion
(KEM, KDF, AEAD) triple that consitute valid combinations for use with HPKE, the KDF used should (if possible) match one internally used by the KEM, and components should not be mixed between global and national standards.
```
